Wen Zhu Qing?
So that means
her daughter must be Ye Qi Luo...
I heard she's coming too
That's great news
Ye Qi Luo, huh
She’s never appeared in public
Yet she’s always ranked No.1
on Jiang City’s trending topics list
If we can get her on the show
our rating(*) will skyrocket
(*) viewership rate
If this episode succeeds
You’ll firmly secure
your position as the station’s top male host(*)
(*) Chinese showbiz term, referring to a man in a leading position
How about
we host the celebration
at home?
Why?
As the host
turn the party into a family banquet
Isn’t it even more likely
that Ye Qi Luo would attend?
You’re as smart as ever
I’ll propose it to the director right away
Director
I have something I’d like to suggest
The “Good Husband” is trending again
All our coworkers are talking
Be mindful of what you say
Still denying it
Everyone’s already here
Please come in
Tu Man
Tu Man is free today
I specially asked her
to come early and assist
I see
Why hasn’t President Wen arrived yet?
Almost here
I’ll go outside and check
She’s here, she’s here
The mysterious major shareholder of our TV station has arrived
Director Wen, Ms. Ye
Welcome
Sorry we didn’t meet you outside
Please
This way